We're going to work on the pituitary and pineal glands.
The pituitary gland is still a great conductor.
It's a memory, all of it.
It's fantastic.
It's the link between your neurons, your hormonal system, all that stuff.
It's both external, like the eye.
It's from the epiblast, from the surface, and from...
the film of the inner man. It's the same thing.
It controls
all the glands, the pituitary.
Except one.
The pineal gland, it's the one that manages
With this ventricular system,
it receives in the ventricular system
photons of light
And it contains, at the level of the pineal gland,
you have a small...
like a...
grain of wheat, you know, the thing.
But inside, there are microcrystals
which are serotonin,
which have
a conversion enzyme to
transform it into
melatonin.
When this
light intensity drops,
melatonin begins to appear.
And so, we're going to do a rebalancing technique
on an energetic level.
electrical of the pituitary by redoing the embryonic journey.
We're going to review these two movements
that meet. The motility of the pituitary and
we're going to see the motility of the pituitary with
the two entry points on Nasion and
Bregma. And we're going to cross our two thumbs over it
to balance the pituitary and pineal glands. We'll do that in practice.
of the formation
of the base of the skull,
you have a space called
Rathke's pouch.
Rathke's pouch is a fold
that comes
from the epithelial
part of the epiblast,
so from the skin.
And you have
the brain here.
And it will give
an infundibulum.
Also.
the two will meet, will form the pituitary.
So the pituitary is both a descending information
and an ascending information, on a motility level.
So I have the entire anterior pituitary, the entire posterior pituitary, the entire anterior pituitary, the entire posterior pituitary. At the moment when I have the phenomenon of the prosencephalon process being put in place, it will divide into telencephalon. And in this process here, I have an area that will be called the diencephalon and the upper part of the diencephalon. At the moment when I have the process of delencephalization, that is to say this movement here, this small gland comes to move from front to back. And it is influenced by a movement of luminosity from bregma, because it receives
And it is influenced
by a movement
of luminosity
from bregma,
because it receives
the world of the divine.
You see?
and at the same time, it is influenced by the pituitary.
It receives the world of clairvoyance with the world of the divine.
And the two forces here, divine light and actual light, meet
and that's how the pituitary is one of the most important glands.
From the surface epithelium in front of the pouch of its sella,
You remember, which is a representation, which is the difference between endodermal and ectodermal epithelium, if you will.
So you see here, all this, it's skin, what is it? It's ectoderm.
It goes in like this, and at some point, it becomes endoderm.
And the moment it becomes endoderm and doderm, it has a little name called Rathke's pouch.
It was Truman du Pichy who gave it.
this difference. But in front of this Rathke's pouch here, because of this flexion movement, there will suddenly be a suction movement like this towards the center. And this is the anterior pituitary gland that is forming. But at the same time,
in the
movement of the brain, I also have a suction movement, the mesencephalic floor,
which will give what we call the infundibulum.
of the bulum, the posterior part
of the pituitary. And so, it will
make a movement like this, if you will.
To form a gland.
And the whole thing will be
the pituitary.
So, let's go.
Okay. And so, I'm going to put myself
in this movement
of organization,
Normally, we can do it at the level of the palate.
I sometimes use, I rarely do internal techniques.
In any case, anything gynecological, I send to people who are much more specialized in gynecology.
However, I sometimes do touches in the mouth with a small finger cot.
We can do it very well here, actually.
You see, I put myself in the energetic axis.
And I put myself here.
At the level.
of Bregma,
I'm looking for a space
where I have this connection
between
the upper and lower part
at the pituitary level.
And this,
this is one of the first things,
because here, I have the hypothalamic-pituitary axis,
that is to say the relationship
the nervous system
and everything we've seen.
The nervous system,
The hypothalamus, so the thalamus, so the pulvinar,
all the olivary nuclei, the supraoptic chiasm, etc., etc., you see.
All of that is at this same level.
And I'm just going to let these two levels allow.
For example, here, you see, I have to go a little lower and I have a good rise upwards.
It's going to do him good.
In my practice, I observe two things all the time.
Very precise.
I observe how you breathe.
But I observe the movement of your eyes.
So I know how he breathes.
I see the movement of the eyes.
And later, I'll give you the secret to reading these movements.
So here, I put myself on the pattern, on the thing.
And in fact, I look at the entire energetic level.
it's restarting embryonic motility
which, itself, is the generator of function, if you will.
So, it's a way to rebalance the anterior and posterior pituitary.
The eye movements have changed, they are becoming downward.
He's starting to come back into his hara, very gently.
There, hop, I have a sensation now.
that arrives here. There, we can start to leave. There, more stability.
There, we're going that far.
I put myself on Ophryon. Not on Nasion, on Ophryon. It
is a door of light. And I go
to Bregma. And the two fingers, if
I bring them together like this.
We go to the pineal gland.
Here.
And here.
I'm looking, I need to adjust.
That's the cerebellum.
Above it is the cerebrum.
When I start from Hénion and go up a bit,
I will recross the third ventricle.
And at the base of the third ventricle,
in the floor almost of this third ventricle,
posterior part of this third ventricle
there is a small
a grain of wheat and in the movement
of telencephalization
it brings
you see
this grain of wheat
to its place here and so the
projection I'm going to make is that I put myself here
and here
and I have a landmark here and so I'm going to
go towards this pineal gland
you see from
slightly above to be
the axis, here,
that's where I'm going to meet it,
and here, like this.
I go to this
well of light,
and these two spirals
of light. It
transforms light.
There's the third ventricle,
there's the whole luminous side,
information from photons,
etc. It rebalances
one of the most
fundamental energies of our body.
I remind you, there are three fundamental synergies.
Our job is to improve that, breathing.
It's about improving digestion.
My inner doctor is sleep.
And that's the pineal gland that will say, "Okay, we'll help you."
Because what regulates that?
It's the passage of melatonin. This melatonin, in fact, is a hormone that will change your brain waves. It's serotonin that is transformed by crystals that contain an enzyme that transforms this serotonin into melatonin. This melatonin is a hormone that will mainly settle in the brain area and will change your brain waves, and which will give you retroactive and gray brain waves, if you will.
And which will facilitate both falling asleep and deep sleep,
but which will also facilitate dreaming.
So it's one of the hormones, this little grocery store.
The pineal gland is one of the most important, almost, than the pituitary.
Because the pituitary controls all of them, except one, the pineal gland.
And the pituitary, in fact, as it readjusts all of them,
it is perhaps the master gland of the whole.
Here are the two doors.
Alright?